[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[tasking-manager.version-4]
source_file = frontend/src/locales/en.json
source_lang = en
trans.ar = frontend/src/locales/ar.json
trans.cs = frontend/src/locales/cs.json
trans.de = frontend/src/locales/de.json
trans.el = frontend/src/locales/el.json
trans.es = frontend/src/locales/es.json
trans.fa_IR = frontend/src/locales/fa_IR.json
trans.fr = frontend/src/locales/fr.json
trans.he = frontend/src/locales/he.json
trans.hu = frontend/src/locales/hu.json
trans.id = frontend/src/locales/id.json
trans.it = frontend/src/locales/it.json
trans.ja = frontend/src/locales/ja.json
trans.ko = frontend/src/locales/ko.json
trans.mg = frontend/src/locales/mg.json
trans.ml = frontend/src/locales/ml.json
trans.nl_NL = frontend/src/locales/nl_NL.json
trans.pt = frontend/src/locales/pt.json
trans.pt_BR = frontend/src/locales/pt_BR.json
trans.sv = frontend/src/locales/sv.json
trans.sw = frontend/src/locales/sw.json
trans.tl = frontend/src/locales/tl.json
trans.tr = frontend/src/locales/tr.json
trans.uk = frontend/src/locales/uk.json
trans.zh_TW = frontend/src/locales/zh_TW.json
type = KEYVALUEJSON
